CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT 



THIS AGREEMENT is made the XX day of XX 2025.

BETWEEN: 

PEAK PEO whose registered office is at First Floor, Penrose 1, Penrose Dock, Cork, T23 KW81, Ireland ('the Company'); and

tbc, Ireland ('you/your')


IT IS AGREED as follows:

1.	Interpretation

1.1.	Words importing one gender include all other genders and words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa.

1.2.	Any reference to a statutory provision shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of it.

1.3.	The clause headings do not form part of this agreement and shall not be taken into account in its construction or interpretation.

1.4.	References in this agreement to any clause, sub-clause, schedule or paragraph without further designation shall be construed as references to the clause, sub-clause, schedule or paragraph of this agreement so numbered.	

2.	Continuous Employment

2.1.	Your period of continuous employment with the Company is from the tbc 2024 (‘the Employment’) and shall be indefinite.

2.2.	No employment with a previous employer counts as part of the Employment.

2.3.	In accepting your appointment it shall be deemed that you have accepted all the terms and conditions set out in this Contract of Employment.

2.4.	This Contract of Employment annuls any previous agreement whether verbal or written given to you at any time.

2.5.	The first three/six months of employment will be a probationary period. During this time, your performance and conduct will be monitored to assess your suitability for continued employment. At the end of this period, your performance will be reviewed, and if found satisfactory, your appointment will be confirmed.

2.6.	(in case to be three months) In accordance with the European Union (Transparent and Predictable Working Conditions) Regulations 2022, the probationary period may be extended once, and only in objectively justified circumstances (e.g., periods of absence due to illness). In any case, the total duration of the probationary period shall not exceed six months.

2.7.	Or 

2.8.	(in case to be six months) In accordance with Irish legislation, the probationary period may not be extended, except in exceptional circumstances such as a period of certified absence. In any case, the total probation period shall not exceed six months.

3.	Job Title/Duties

3.1.	You are employed as a tbc.  You will be responsible to the tbc. Your duties are set out in the job description provided.

3.2.	You warrant that you are entitled to work in Ireland without any additional approvals and will notify the Company immediately if you cease to be so entitled at any time during your employment with the Company.

4.	Place of Work

Your normal place of work will be at your home address but the Company shall also be entitled to require you to work at such other places whether on a temporary or permanent basis as the Company shall direct.

5.	Remuneration

5.1.	You will be paid monthly by SEPA in arrears at the rate of tbc Euros per annum.

5.2.	You will receive a monthly car allowance of tbc Euros.

5.3.	You will receive a monthly healthcare allowance of tbc Euros.

5.4.	You will receive a monthly tbc Euro allowance for insurance (instead of Death in service and income protection).

5.5.	Your salary will be reviewed annually entirely at the Company's discretion.  There is no obligation on the Company to award any increase.

5.6.	You are not contractually entitled to any bonus payments, but the Directors may in their absolute discretion, award annual bonuses based on your annual appraisal, company profits and continued employment relative to the Bonus Period.

5.7.	The Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable travel expenses properly incurred by you on behalf of the Company.  You shall provide all necessary receipts for such expenditure.

6.	Hours of Work

Your normal working hours are 9am to 6pm from Monday to Friday inclusive with a lunch break of 1 hour and such further hours as from time to time may become necessary in order to meet the needs of the Company's business.  You will not be entitled to receive any additional remuneration for work done outside your normal hours of work. 

7.	Sickness Absence 

7.1.	In the event of your absence for whatever reason you or someone on your behalf should contact the tbc before 9am on each day of the absence to inform the Company of the reason for your absence. 

7.2.	In the event of your absence for whatever reason you or someone on your behalf should contact the tbc before 9am on each day of the absence to inform the Company of the reason for your absence. 

7.3.	In accordance with the Sick Leave Act 2022, the Employee is entitled to Statutory Sick Pay (SSP). 

7.4.	SSP is paid at 70% of the Employee’s normal daily earnings, subject to a maximum daily limit as defined by Irish law. 

7.5.	The entitlement to SSP is conditional upon the Employee providing a medical certificate from a registered medical practitioner and having completed at least 13 weeks of continuous service with the Employer. 

7.6.	The Company adheres to all provisions of the Sick Leave Act 2022, and any additional sick pay beyond the statutory entitlement will be at the discretion of the Employer, subject to the Company’s internal policies.

8.	Holidays

8.1.	You are entitled to 20 working days holiday in each holiday year.  This entitlement is subject to the following sub-clauses of this Clause and shall only be taken at times to be agreed with the tbc. Such agreement is to be obtained before you have committed yourself to bookings or any other alternative positive arrangements.

8.2.	You are also entitled to 10 statutory holidays, which are New Year’s Day, St Brigid’s Day, St Patrick’s Day, Easter Monday, May Day, June Bank Holiday, August Bank Holiday, October Bank Holiday, Christmas Day and St. Stephen’s Day, unless on any such statutory holiday you are required to carry out your duties, in which case you will be given another day’s holiday in lieu of the Bank Holiday worked.

8.3.	The leave year runs from 1 January to 31 December. You are encouraged to take your annual leave in the year in which it is accrued.

8.4.	In line with the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997, if you are unable to take your statutory annual leave entitlement within the leave year due to statutory leave (e.g. maternity, adoptive, paternity, parental leave) or certified long-term sick leave, you may carry forward any untaken statutory leave for up to 15 months from the end of the leave year in which it accrued.

8.5.	You shall at least give 2 weeks notice of any proposed holiday dates and these must be agreed by the tbc in writing in advance.

8.6.	You may not take as holiday more than ten working days consecutively out of your entitlement without the prior written consent of the tbc.  We may require you to take holiday on specific days as notified to you.

8.7.	If your employment with the Company ends for any reason and you have accrued but untaken annual leave, you will receive payment in lieu of that leave as part of your final pay. If you have taken more annual leave than you have accrued at the date of termination, the Company reserves the right to deduct an amount equivalent to the excess leave taken from your final salary, in accordance with the Payment of Wages Act 1991.

8.8.	For these purposes, a day’s holiday pay shall be calculated based on your average daily pay or a proportionate amount of your annual basic salary, in line with your regular working pattern and in compliance with the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997.

9.	Pension

Pension – Statutory Auto-Enrolment Scheme

9.1.1.	You will be automatically enrolled in the Irish statutory auto-enrolment pension scheme in accordance with applicable legislation, provided that you meet the eligibility criteria.

9.1.2.	Employer and Employee pension contributions shall be made at the statutory minimum contribution rates applicable from time to time, or at such higher rates as elected by the Employee, provided that such rates are equal to or greater than the statutory minimum.

9.1.3.	The applicable contribution rates under the statutory auto-enrolment scheme shall be as follows:

9.1.3.1.	Employer contribution: [ __ ]% of qualifying earnings

9.1.3.2.	Employee contribution: [ __ ]% of qualifying earnings

9.1.4.	Employee contributions shall be deducted from salary in accordance with the statutory auto-enrolment rules.

9.1.5.	You shall have the right to opt out of the statutory auto-enrolment pension scheme in accordance with applicable legislation. Where you validly opt out, no further contributions shall be made under the statutory auto-enrolment scheme, subject to any statutory re-enrolment requirements.

OR

Private Occupational Pension Scheme (Optional)
Subject to eligibility and the rules of the Company’s private occupational pension scheme, you will be given the option to participate in the scheme. Participation is voluntary and subject to your election.

Where you elect to participate in the private occupational pension scheme, Employer and Employee pension contributions shall be made at the statutory minimum contribution rates required by Irish law, or at such higher rates as elected by the Employee and agreed by the Employer, provided that such rates are equal to or greater than the applicable statutory minimum.
The agreed contribution rates under the private occupational pension scheme shall be as follows:
• Employer contribution: [ __ ]% of pensionable earnings
• Employee contribution: [ __ ]% of pensionable earnings
Employee contributions shall be deducted from salary in accordance with the scheme rules.
Where permitted by law, participation in the private occupational pension scheme shall be in lieu of participation in the statutory auto-enrolment pension scheme


10.	Termination of Employment

10.1.	During the three/six month probationary period the notice required by either of us to terminate your employment will be one week.

10.2.	If your employment is confirmed, your employment may be terminated in the following ways as pe the Minimum Notice and Terms of Employment Act, 1973:

10.2.1.	By you giving not less than [four] weeks’ notice in writing to the Company.

10.2.2.	By the Company giving not less than:

10.2.2.1.	one weeks’ notice if you have been employed for more than thirteen weeks and less than two years; or

10.2.2.2.	two weeks’ notice if you have been employed for more than two years and less than five years; or

10.2.2.3.	four weeks’ notice if you have been employed for more than five years and less than ten years.

10.2.2.4.	six weeks’ notice if you have been employed for more than ten years and less than fifteen years; or

10.2.2.5.	eight weeks’ notice if you have been employed for fifteen years or more.


10.3.	The Company reserves the right in its absolute discretion to pay you salary in lieu of notice.

10.4.	Nothing in these Particulars prevents the Company from terminating your employment summarily or otherwise in the event of any serious breach by you of the terms of your employment or in the event of any act or acts of gross misconduct by you.

10.5.	If either you or the Company serves notice on the other to terminate your employment the Company may require you to take ‘garden leave’ for all or part of the remaining period of your employment.  If you are asked to take garden leave you continue to receive your full salary and benefits and you:
	
10.5.1.	may not attend your place of work or any other premises of the Company or any associated company.

10.5.2.	may be asked to resign immediately from any offices you hold in the Company or any associated company.

10.5.3.	may not be required to carry out duties during the remaining period of your employment.

10.5.4.	must return to the Company all documents, property and other materials (including copies) belonging to the Company or associated companies containing confidential information.
			
10.5.5.	may not without the prior written permission of the Company contact or attempt to contact any client, supplier, agent, professional adviser, broker or banker of the Company or any associated company or any employee of the Company or any associated company.

10.5.6.	must make yourself available for work at your home address and to carry out any such duties as the Company may reasonably require.
			
10.5.7.	must not undertake any alternative employment during the period of garden leave whether paid or unpaid.

10.6.	On the termination of your employment, you shall immediately deliver to the Company all and any correspondence and other documents, papers and property belonging to the Company or any client of the Company which may have been prepared by you or have come in to your possession in the course of your employment hereunder and you shall not retain copies.  


11.	Grievance Procedures

The grievance procedures applicable to your employment are available on request.  These procedures do not form part of your contract of employment.

12.	Disciplinary Procedures

The disciplinary procedures applicable to your employment are available on request.  These procedures do not form part of your contract of employment.

13.	Collective Agreements

	There are no collective agreements relevant to your employment.

14.	Changes to your Terms of Employment

We reserve the right to make reasonable changes to any of your terms of employment.  You will be notified in writing of any change as soon as possible and in any event within one month of the change.

15.	Co operation 

	You are expected to display a high standard of teamwork.  You should co operate in undertaking the work of absent colleagues or in assisting in other departments where the workload is particularly high, and accordingly you may from time to time be required to undertake such other duties and/or hours of work as may reasonably be required to ensure the Company’s business needs are met. This will ensure the most efficient use of available resources to meet the Company’s business needs.

16.	Flexibility

16.1.	You shall faithfully and diligently perform such duties and exercise such powers consistent with your position as may from time to time be assigned to you.  You shall use your best endeavours to further the interests of the Company.

16.2.	The Company reserves the right (a) to assign to you duties of a different nature either additional to, or instead of, those specified and/or (b) to require you to perform services for any part of the business without further remuneration (unless otherwise agreed).  However, you will not be assigned duties or perform services which you cannot reasonably perform, or which are inconsistent with, the position you hold.

You are not permitted to accept any other form of work or employment unless you receive the prior written consent from the tbc.

17.	Confidentiality

17.1.	Without the prior written consent of the Company, you shall not either during your employment (otherwise than in the proper performance of your duties) or at any time after your employment has terminated use or disclose to any person, and during your employment you shall use your best endeavours to prevent the publication or disclosure to any person of, any confidential information.  Confidential Information includes but is not limited to:

17.1.1.	prices, business plans, revenue forecasts, marketing plans, research projects, details of new techniques and materials, new products, internal accounts, customer lists, client details/information, personnel information.

17.1.2.	any information which you have been told is confidential during your employment, or which you might reasonably expect the Company to regard as confidential.

17.1.3.	any information the Company has been given in confidence by its clients, Customers and/or suppliers. 

18.	Restrictions 

18.1.	You accept that during your employment you are likely to develop close links with our Customers and Employees and have access to Confidential Information and trade secrets and you accept that the following sub clauses are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company's legitimate business interests.

18.2.	During your employment and for a period of 6 months from the Termination Date you shall not directly or indirectly, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person firm or company:

18.2.1.	canvass, solicit, interfere with or endeavour to entice away from the Company any Customer or Prospective Customer; 

18.2.2.	have any business dealings with, act for or provide goods or services to any Customer or Prospective Customer; 

18.2.3.	seek to interfere with the relationship between any Customer or Prospective Customer and the Company;

18.2.4.	be employed or otherwise engaged by any Customer or Prospective Customer in any capacity (whether paid or unpaid) that competes with the services provided by the Company; 

18.2.5.	encourage or induce any Employee or Director to breach or terminate (whether lawfully or unlawfully) any contract with the Company or otherwise cease any business relationship with the Company;

18.2.6.	employ or otherwise engage, or offer to employ or otherwise engage, any Employee or Director; 

18.2.7.	seek to interfere with the relationship between any Employee or Director and the Company;

18.3.	Each of the above restrictions is separate and severable from the other.  If one is unenforceable for any reason, but would be enforceable if some part of it were deleted, it shall apply with such modification as may be necessary to make it enforceable.

18.4.	Any period of Garden Leave served by you pursuant to Clause 9.5 shall reduce the period of each of the above restrictions.

18.5.	For the purposes of this Clause 17:

18.5.1.	"Customer" or "Customers" means any person to whom any goods or services have been supplied by the Company in the period of 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date and with whom you shall have had material dealings in the performance of your duties; 

18.5.2.	"Confidential Information" shall have the same meaning as set out in this Agreement at clause 16 above; 

18.5.3.	"Director" means any person who is, or was at any time in the six months immediately preceding the Termination Date a Director of the Company and with whom you worked or dealt during the six months immediately preceding the Termination Date; 

18.5.4.	"Employee" or "Employees" means any person who is or was at any time during the six months immediately preceding the Termination Date an employee or consultant of the Company and with whom you had material dealings during the six months immediately preceding the Termination Date; 

18.5.5.	"Prospective Customer" means any person, firm or company to whom within the twelve months immediately preceding the Termination Date a presentation has been made or with whom negotiation(s) shall have taken place with a view to the Company obtaining the business of the person, firm or company, and in which presentation or negotiation(s) you were involved; 

18.5.6.	"Termination Date" means the date on which your employment ends, for whatever reason and howsoever caused.
 
19.	Lay Off and Short-Time Working

If there is a reduction in work, the Company may temporarily lay you off without pay or reduce your working hours and your pay proportionately.  Depending on the circumstances you may have a statutory right to a guaranteed payment.

20.	Discoveries and Inventions
							
20.1.	If at any time during your employment you (whether alone or with any other person) make any Discovery, whether relating directly or indirectly to the business of the Company, you will promptly disclose to the Company full details of such invention to enable the Company to determine whether it is a Company Invention.  If the Invention is not a Company Invention the Company will treat all information disclosed to it by you as confidential information belonging to you.		

20.2.	If the invention is a Company Invention you will hold it in trust for the Company, and at the request and expense of the Company do all things necessary or desirable to enable the Company or its nominee to obtain the benefit of the Company Invention and to secure patent or other appropriate forms of protection for it throughout the World.

20.3.	Decisions as to the patenting and exploitation of any Company Invention will be in the sole discretion of the Company.

20.4.	You irrevocably appoint the Company (acting by both person or persons as the Board nominates) to be your Attorney in your name and on your behalf to execute, sign and do all such instruments or things and generally to use your name for the purpose of giving to the Company or its nominee the full benefit of the provisions of sub-clause 18.2 and a certificate in writing signed by any Director of the Company, that any instrument or act falls within the authority hereby conferred, will be conclusive evidence that such is the case so far as any third party is concerned.

20.5.	For the purposes of this clause 18:

20.5.1.	"Company Invention" means any improvement, invention or discovery made by you which applying the provisions Patents Act 1992 in the determination of ownership is, as between the parties, the property of the Company.

20.5.2.	"Discovery" means any invention, discovery, secret process, design improvement, know-how, trademark or copyright, whether or not patentable or registrable, discovered, made produced or created by you (either alone or with any other person) while employed by the Company (whether before or after the commencement of this Agreement) in connection with or in any way affecting or relating to the business of the Company or capable of being used or adopted for use therewith.

21.	Copyright

21.1.	You will promptly disclose to the Company all copyright works or designs originated, conceived, written or made by you alone or with others (except only those conceived, written or made by you wholly outside your normal working hours and wholly unconnected with your employment) and will until such rights are fully and absolutely vested in the Company hold them in trust for the Company.	

21.2.	You hereby assign to the Company by way of future assignment all copyright design right and other proprietary rights, if any, for the full terms thereof throughout the World in respect of all copyright works and designs originated, conceived, written or made by you (except only those works or designs originated, conceived, written or made by you wholly outside your normal working hours and wholly unconnected with your employment) during the period of your employment.	

21.3.	You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive in favour of the Company any and all moral rights conferred on him by Section 116 of Chapter VI of the Copyright and Related Rights Act, 2000 for any work in which copyright or design right is vested in the Company whether by this Agreement or otherwise.	

21.4.	You will at the request and expense of the Company do all things necessary or desirable to substantiate the rights of the Company under sub-clauses 20.2 and 20.3.

22.	Data Protection

22.1.	The Company processes Personal Data relating to the Employee in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and the Irish Data Protection Act 2018. The Employee acknowledges that they have been informed of the Company’s Data Protection Policy, which sets out how Personal Data is collected, used, stored, shared, and protected. The Company may update this Policy from time to time and will notify the Employee of any material changes.

22.2.	The Company processes Personal Data on the legal bases permitted under Data Protection Law, including the performance of the employment contract, compliance with legal obligations, and the legitimate interests of the Company in managing its workforce and business operations. Processing is not based on the Employee’s consent, as consent is not considered freely given in an employment context under the GDPR.

22.3.	The Company may process Special Categories of Personal Data where necessary and lawful, including for managing sick leave, assessing fitness for work, complying with employment and equality obligations, ensuring health and safety, and establishing or defending legal claims.

22.4.	The Company may share the Employee’s Personal Data with authorised third-party service providers such as payroll processors, benefits providers, insurers, occupational health practitioners, legal advisors, auditors, and regulatory authorities, strictly for lawful and necessary purposes and under GDPR-compliant agreements.

22.5.	Where necessary, Personal Data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. Such transfers will only take place where appropriate safeguards are in place, including Adequacy Decisions, Standard Contractual Clauses, or other approved mechanisms.

22.6.	The Employee has the rights provided under Data Protection Law, including the rights to access, rectification, erasure, restriction, portability, and objection, as well as the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission (DPC). Requests to exercise these rights should be addressed to the Company’s Data Protection Officer or HR representative.

22.7.	The Employee must comply with the Company’s Data Protection Policy and all instructions relating to the handling of Personal Data encountered during their employment, including data relating to other employees, clients, customers, suppliers, or business partners. Failure to comply with data protection requirements may result in disciplinary action.

23.	Company Property

23.1.	All documents, manuals, hardware and software provided for your use by the Company, and any data or documents (including copies) produced, maintained or stored on the Company's computer systems or other electronic equipment (including mobile phones), remain the property of the Company. 

23.2.	Any Company property in your possession and any original or copy 	documents obtained by you in the course of your employment shall be returned to the tbc at any time on request and in any event prior to the termination of your employment with the Company.

24.	Deductions

The Company reserves the right at any time during, or in any event on termination, to deduct from salary any overpayment made and/or monies owed to the Company by you including but not limited to any excess holiday, any outstanding loans, advances, relocation expenses and the cost of repairing any damage or loss to the Company’s property caused by you.

25.	Third Party Rights

No person other than you and the Company may enforce any terms of this agreement.

26.	Jurisdiction

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Republic of Ireland and Parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts.